c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\CopticAgpeya.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\CopticAgpeya.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\CopticAgpeya.xap
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\CopticAgpeya.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\CopticAgpeya.g.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\CopticAgpeya.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\CopticAgpeya.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Prime.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Compline.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Intro.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Midnight.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\None.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Prayers.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Sext.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Terce.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Veil.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\English\Vespers.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Compline.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Intro.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Midnight.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\None.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Prayers.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Prime.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Sext.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Terce.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Veil.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\Arabic\Vespers.g.cs
C:\Users\DELL\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\CopticAgpeya\CopticAgpeya\obj\Debug\ArMainPage.g.cs
